INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is made on April 1, 2026, by and between Apex Marketing ("Client") and Sarah Miller ("Contractor").

1. SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES
The Contractor agrees to perform digital marketing services, including search engine optimization (SEO), Google Ad campaign management, and weekly analytics reporting as specified in Exhibit A (the "Services"). The Contractor shall perform the Services in a professional and timely manner.

2. COMPENSATION AND BILLING
The Client shall pay the Contractor a flat fee of $5,000 per month for the performance of the Services. The Contractor shall submit invoices on the 25th day of each month, and payment shall be due within fifteen (15) days of the invoice date. All payments must be made in US Dollars.

3. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS
The relationship of the Contractor to the Client is that of an independent contractor. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, or employer-employee relationship. The Contractor is solely responsible for paying all federal, state, and local taxes, insurance, and retirement benefits.

4. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS
The Contractor warrants that all work product delivered to the Client will be original, will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party, and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The Client's sole remedy for breach of this warranty is re-performance of the defective service by the Contractor.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, including loss of profits, arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. The Contractor's total liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the total fees paid by the Client to the Contractor.

6. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Any legal proceedings related to this Agreement shall be initiated in Austin, Travis County, Texas.
